Their you are Alexis the captain said you would be here. “Ya just 
taking in the scenery.” It'll be a few days before we land.” I 
know...er I can't take it I'm to bored I want to spar...hey 
captain...” “Go ahead just don't break anything we are still 
sailing you know.” “He-he sweet did you here that Crystal!” “Yes 
and leave me out of it...” “Oh come on please.” “Nope absolutely 
not.” “You just want to spar?” “Who's their?” “Just a passenger 
looking to pass the time if my partner doesn't mind.” “By all 
means (he whispers to his partner just don't go over board got 
it.) (I smiled I held my hands in front of me and pulled two 
crimson swords and took a stance both swords looked like they 
where on fire the person stepped forward his aura was filled 
with tense but that dint scare me in fact it makes me want to 
fight more we both took off with great speed our clashed our 
speed kept increasing as the fight got more heated than a giant 
sea monster showed up I looked at it and started drooling) 
“Dinner!” (I grinned real big I jumped from one of the masses 
without breaking it and headed towards the beast) “Off she goes 
(sighs) that's just like her.” (The beast lunged at me I barely 
dodged its head I swung my  sword and blinded its right eye  in 
a few stroke of my sword   I sliced it up” “Hey chief hope you 
can cook this.” “Its enough to be a feast of coarse I can cook 
it.” (While we waited for everything to cook I stood on the tip 
of the watch pole I put one finger on it than slowly did a 
handstand but with just one finger I closed my eyes sensing 
everything around me the wind, waves even the people on board an 
updraft  past me bring the scent of meat cooking  than Crystal 
calls out my name. “Alexis party's ready come on down and get 
something to eat!” “Okay on my way smells awesome wander how 
long it'll be till we land.” “Not for a while Lass.”
“Oh Captain foods ready.” Aye your friend came I know you can't stay 
still for long if you want you can gather supplies after you eat 
where running low on a few things here's a list.” “Heh that's a 
tall order sounds fun sure I'll get it for ya in fact it passed 
us a few times thanks to that chiefs cooking.” “Ha-ha sharp as 
always lass.” We both sat down I grabbed a big chunk of meat and 
started eating. “We gonna finish our dual?” “Oh he-he ya sorry 
my stomach got the better of me. (I got up and took a deep 
breath  my armor shattered and new pieces formed into water 
dragon scales.) Much better sorry for making you wait...” 
“Hey... hey....just who are you?” “Hey Captain you might want to 
roll up the sails its gonna get bumpy!” (I closed my eyes and 
dashed towards my opponent while we where fighting a storm 
formed and huge cyclones gathered around the ship.) “So that's 
why she changed armor..” “Explain?” “Oh um you see rose changed 
to water dragon armor cause of how much  speed so her armor 
makes it easier that and its great with the rain it makes the 
element to her advantage .” “I see well that does make sense I 
suppose.” “Hey Alexis you should rap it up the storms getting 
worst!” “Sure thing!”We both stopped. “That was fun we should 
spar again some time.” The guy smiled and went to his partners 
side I chuckled. “Hey Captain need a little light?” He looked at 
me confused  but I took a deep breath and shot a ball of fire 
into the sky and lit it up. “That should help you out for awhile 
least to see where your heading.” “Thanks lass.” “Don't mention 
it.” “Alexis maybe we should rest a little.” I nodded  and we 
both went inside the ship  to get some sleep. “Hey Alexis who 
was those two?” “No clue but the guy I fought knew what he was 
doing I wouldn't mind taking him on again.” “You love fighting 
way to much.” I shrugged
while grinning. “I can't wait to get to the kingdom I heard theirs a 
lot of strong people their.” “Well first we got to get their 
than we can worry about fighting later.” We headed to bed as the 
storm was almost passed   I dozed off and dreamed of the the 
past I figured stood their in front of me it was a young girl 
than she disappeared and another appeared it was a tall man he 
bowed and kissed my hand than disappeared than I was in a field 
and everything was burning  my room was engulfed in blue flames 
Crystal forced me to awake up sh shook my shoulders till I 
finally wok up out of breath and sweating Crystal wrapped her 
arms around me. “Are you alright another nightmare?” I nodded. 
“I'm alright now sorry to make you worry.” I clasped the gem 
around my neck and smiled. “Crystal do you know anything about 
the king who rule these parts?” “Well I here hes pretty strong 
and a genus his knights are also pretty strong.” “I wander why 
his highness told me to start a life their...” I let out a sigh 
I remembered what his highness told me before we left(Alexis.” 
“Yes Sire?” “I want you to go to the kingdom of  Shadow's take 
crystal with you.” “May I ask why My lord?” “I'll give you a new 
journey plus you'll both need training I heard theirs men 
stronger than yourself their.” “Yes my Lord.” “Alexis!” “Sage?” 
“Please take care of my apprentice I know you to are best 
friends and keep each other out of trouble.” “Master you should 
be worried about Alexis you know she loves to fight.” He and the 
king both chuckled.) “Alexis hey earth to Alexis.” “Sorry 
Crystal was just thinking about everyone.” “Well as long as your 
alright you know I worry about you.” “Thanks get some sleep I 
think I'll practice a little.” “Okay just don't stay up to 
late.” I left the room to go outside and practice swordsman ship  
