Rose! Did you find the princess?” (Rose) “ No where did she go...?” “Check all the room's!” Everyone was in a panic looking for the princess a lot of people where after her 
that's why it was our job to guard her though she had a habit of running off  but this time was different someone has breached the building. I ran up stairs and into many 
rooms when I finally found the princess but she was on the floor
standing next to her was a man not vary tall but well built before I could say anything or defend myself and the princess someone came up from behind and bit my left shoulder 
I yield in pain but I couldn't let that stop me from calling my partner for help. (Rose) “I found her hurry!..” The men left with the princess I ran after them clasping my 
shoulder as it bled i saw them they where already across the bridge in a car I slowly walked back inside the building when my partner showed up I was still holding my 
shoulder. (Rose) “A vampire took her...I think it was an elder, I'm going after her once I get my sword.” “You need to feed first.” He handed me a red vial he was right so 
I took it and drank it the bite mark healed I swiftly grabbed my sword it was black with red writing etched into it with inhuman speed I caught up with the car and a truck 
the car was on the other end of a bridge it was stopped and facing towards me their where two men one standing behind the car another near me which someone was already 
fighting than an old man stepped out of the car the man behind him challenged me and the old man took one look at me and tried to stop the other from ticking me off but it 
was to late one swing of my sword and it sliced through the bridge support beams than I went past the old man raising my sword towards the man who was pleading and 
frustrated cause he didn't get to kill me but I didn't care the runes lit up red and with one swift movement I sliced the guy he burst into flames than vanished my attack 
also reached the other vampire who the guy was still fighting with and he vanished the guy looked annoyed. The old man watched as I sheathed my sword I grabbed the 
princess and carried her back my partner was ranting on about how an elder got in. I handed the princess over to her maids and went with my partner to his room. “Good work 
though you went a little over board slicing the bridge like that.” I stuck my tongue out. (Rose) “Least I got the princess back.” I made a face he laughed. “Why don't you 
feed and rest.” I looked at him. That's weird he never lets me feed from him..My partners human but he's a pretty good human. “Come on don't look at me like that.” I 
smiled and leaned in towards his neck lightly sinking my fangs into his flesh the blood rushed into my mouth it was sweet but I started to get sleepy for some reason i 
slowly pulled out. (Rose) “What's going on?” I could barely keep my eye's open he rubbed my head and whispered as I drifted off to sleep. My partner picked me up and 
carried me down some stairs into an old chamber in it was a coffin with a cross on it  he opened it up and gently placed me inside than kissed my forehead. “I hope you 
rest peacefully one day you'll find everything have changed but I'm sure you'll find someone better to love.” He placed my sword on top and closed the lid he left and 
closed the chamber. A hundred years went by and the coffin was being moved voices where heard outside the coffin. “Careful the Master told us to bring it into the basement 
without damaging it.” “I know I know but I can't help it this thing weighs a lot whats in it any way's?” “What do you think idiot!” He smacked the guy in the back of his 
head. “Ow what did you do that for?” “That was for asking a dumb question that and I just felt like it now hurry up and let's go we have other work to be done.” The guy 
rubbed his head. “Ya ya... Who brought this any way's?” “Dunno it was just delivered  here its none of our business any ways.” They left. Morning started to fade away into 
the night a red mist filled the room the door to the basement opened than closed silently a man looked down at the coffin he wore a nice suit with his long white hair pulled up in a pony tail he opened the coffin he stared at at my motionless body he opened my mouth slightly than he nipped his wrist and drew blood he held his wrist over my mouth and let the blood drip into my mouth.I could taste the sweet blood the smell woke me from my slumber.(Rose)"What...Where am I?" "Easy just drink you been asleep for a long time so your a little weak I was able to find you and bring you here." (Rose)"Who are you?And how long was I asleep?""Well you been asleep for 100 years and to answer your first question my name is Alexander and I been searching for you to wake you.Your father asked me to take care of you while you adjust to this new ara but for now just drink."I nodded so I sank my teeth his wrist I drank my fill  
