Are you sure no one lives here? "Ya I'm sure. My dad said no one lived here for a long time." "So why are we here than?" "Alexis your the only one who can see stuff plus I lost a bet..." I rolled my eye's. "Kate you shouldn't make bets..." "I know but I can't help it." We went inside. (Kate)"Hello!?" "This place is well kept for no one living here... We walked around. We got to a room it had no windows and... A coffin. (Kate)" Is that a coffin?" I nodded. The coffin was black but it looked fancy. Before I knew it Kate opened the coffin a man was inside he looked young and beautiful... But he had pale skin and his clothes lookes old fashioned. I blinked he was gone... (Alexis)"Kate we should go..." I turned around the man was standing their. "And why would two beautiful lady's leave so soon?" (Kate)"We didn't know someone lives here." "You obviously know what I am but your not afraid?" We shook our head's. (Kate)"Where use to it." (Alexis)"Where sorry for intruding." "Not at all it's been age's since I've had company. Would you like tea?" (Kate)"I am parched." The man lead us to a beautiful room. "My name's Sebastian what's yours?" (Kate)"My name's Kate and this is Alexis." We talked for a bit. (Sebastian)"So you lost a bet?" Kate nodded. Sebastian laughed. (Kate)"Not you to geeze... Alexis fell asleep?" (Sebastian)"You said your use to stuff like me what did you mean?" "Oh ya you see our school trains people like Alexis and I who can help protect both humans and supernatural being's. Though our group doesn't have a guardian so Alexis takes on everything..." "Sound's tuff." "We do our best." (Alexis)"Kate where being called on let's go." (Kate)"Alright... Thank you for the tea." We headed off. "So what's the job this time?" (Alexis)"Something about rogue demon's causing trouble." We got to the scene the area was really damaged we caught up with the other's. (Kate)"What's going on?" "We have a slight problem... Where dealing with one demon..." "So what's the problem?" He pointed. "See for yourself." I jumped up high I looked... Your kidding..." I chanted and armor appeared. I was ingulfed in flames. (Kate)"Alexis!" "Idiot!" I placed a barriers around my team... I drived down smashing into the demon's head sending it back to it's realm... When it was over I landed and my armor vanished. (Kate)"Alexis!Are you okay?" I nodded. (Alexis)"I'm heading back I'm tired..." I teleported out. Morning came and we went to our class. (Teacher)"Students we have a new student here today. A boy about our age stepped forward he had crystal blue eye's and long black hair tied up... (Teacher)"This is Sebastian he'll be joining Kate's squad as of today." He bowed everyone was shocked and aw... "Take a seat near your squad." Kate stood up and waved him over. "Isn't that the squad who took out an S class demon?" "Ya." The teacher quieted everyone. He lectured on protection and many ways to keep your squad safe... (Teacher)"Alright I want everyone to practice while on your missions! Dismissed. "Welcome aboard Sebastian." (Kate)"I'm glad your in our squad!" (Alexis)"Kate we have a mission we should head out..." She nodded. As I walked off. "Don't mind her she's been like that since last night..." "I don't blame her that was a high class demon... They told us it was some low class rogue..." They explained everything on the way. Our mission is a simple one go to the planes and make sure the barrier is still holding. (Kate)"Looks like everything's... Hmm hold on what's that?" A large explosion came from Kate's direction Sebastian had Kate in his arm's we all ran over. "What happened?" (Kate)"That thing showed up out of no where!" Tsk another S class and in day light... I stepped forward. (Alexis)"I am the fire that burn's all my enemy's turn to ash before me..." The air crackled as wings and a tail appeared. "I am your blade and shield break thy chain's so that I fulfill my duty!" My armor formed. (Kate)"Granted." Energy burst forth around me. I dashed off with power and speed towards the demon. This one was stronger than the other. (Your pretty strong for a pet for those humans!) "Oh so you can talk? Than this makes it easier. Return to your realm your violating the human and creatures treaty!" The demon laughed. (Can't do that! I'll rip you apart!") I don't have time for you... Two sword's appeared in my hand's. I threw them on ether side of the beast a huge magic circle formed the beast couldn't move. I started cast a spell a huge magic circle appeared above me." I bring forth chaos and destruction may fire rain down upon you..." (Those eye's... I must return at once.) The beast opened a portal and vanished... "He ran...!" I sighed and changed back after dismissed my spell's... "Sorry Kate he got away..." She shook her head. (Kate)"I'm just glad everyone is safe. Thank you Sebastian you really saved me back their. " (Alexis)"I don't like this..." "They have been showing up more. And they keep getting stronger..." (Sebastian) "How many have you faced?" "Including this one id say six so far the other time's was with other squad's so they took credit. Right Alexis?" I was laying on the ground passed out. (Kate)"Alexis!" "Shh she's just sleeping." (Kate)"If only we had a guardian she wouldn't have to work so hard..." (Sebastian) "What is this guardian your talking about?" "Guardians are made up of pair's a familiar and their partner. Their really strong and can unlock a teams full potential." "How Doe's one become a guardian?" "Theirs a test you form a contract with someone... Alexis is a familiar but she hasn't made a contract." (Kate)"It's not her fault! She can't help it if I wasn't so weak..." "Your our leader." "When is this test?" "Its actually coming up soon." "Ya right after our team battles." "Team battles?" "Ya we have one every week it's to keep our skills up and to rank our team's up." (Kate)"We better go and report this to the head master." We headed back not knowing we where being watched. "That girl is the one taking out our familiars?" The man nodded.  
