Hey Alexis the villagers are all waiting are you really going to the ruins by yourself? "Yes I really am." "But I heard bad things happen their plus I heard an evil dragon lives their..." "A dragon? Oh I heard of that to... But you know I'm not afraid." "But being trapped in ruins for a week is harsh!" I smiled and hugged my friend. "I'll be fine really besides it's my chance to change thing's around here." The adults where waiting at the gates. To be a guardian dragon for this village. "Are you ready?" I nodded. (Alexis)"I'm ready." "Enter but be warned you may not leave until you've fulfilled a pack or die trying understand." "Yes I understand." The gates opened I stepped through the doors slowly closed behind me I sighed in relief I looked around to a huge structure. Wow amazing! This place is huge. A gust of wind blew through the place felt like an icey wind hitting my scales I shivered but not because of the wind but because I cought scent of another dragon... I lit up the place. Well I better look around geeze the air is different here... Of course just calm down... I looked around slowly making my way around... I walked for what seems like hours I decided to rest against a pillar. While I rested I thought I heard breathing I slowly got up putting out the flame I made. Okay so I'm not alone... I took a deep breath my eyes changed I can see in the dark right in front of me a huge dragon was watching me. (Alexis)"Um hi..." The dragon smiled than stood up the wings spread. "This is rare." The dragon's voice made my heart jump. "What's a hatchling doing here?" A hatchling?? I looked up at the dragon. (Alexis)"I don't know what your talking about but I'm here to become a guardian!" The dragon laughed. "Do you know where you are?" I nodded. "It's my final test right...?" The dragon came closer. "No!" Ouch geeze what's the matter with him... (Alexis) "Who are you and what is this place?" "I am the darkness king! I was sleeping... To answer your other question this place was a temple till I was trapped here..." "Really?" "Yes I can't believe you would come here not knowing what you where stepping into." "The villagers said I could be their guardian if I went in by making a pack..." "Must mean with a guardian... I have a better idea." "What would that be?" He pointed a claw at me. (Dragon)"Make a pack with me instead I can see it your like me." He grind. (Alexis)"Is that possible? " "Hold it get away from that dragon!" Huh? I turned around their where five guy's in a fighting stance. (What will you do little one?) I took a deep breath and looked at the men Their energy was high and already in a fighting mood my power's place a magic barrier in front of me.  (Now we can talk without them...) I sighed  walking back to the big dragon I found a spot to stand. The dragon laughed. (Why do you want to become a guardian?) (Well my village only has no guardian... I'm the only dragon their...) (Oh? What is it that you wish?) (That's a strange question... I suppose I want a purpose and excitement.) The men started to attack the barrier while we talked. (Tell me how can I make a pack and why would a king choose to form one with me?) (Form a pack with me and be mine!) (Okay but I never made a pack with another dragon.) The dragon laughed. (I know you have no scent of another now hurry and make a pack. Its just like forming one with ... A human but for us dragon's its more.) I nodded and kneeled and started to talk in dragon tonge. "What will you trade for this pack?" I looked up and smiled. "My life is your's." "I accept." The dragon roared and pierced my chest with a claw but not comepletly just enough to pierce the gem I cringed I saw red luiqed running down his claw into my chest my barrier shattered as pain ripped through my entire body. "We must stop them at all cost!!" they all ran towards us when the dragon wrapp his huge wings around us than a huge circle ingulfed us we both vanished. I woke up to a different surrounding alone my chest was still on fire. "Where... am I? I rubbed my chest and noticed a crest in the gem than i looked closer the color changed. "Don't move!" My eye's darted up I was surrounded by soulders. "Quiet do you want to give away our position...?" Another man stepped forward he had armor as black as night with gold trimming. "Forgive me General..." The man got closer. (General)"What are you doing here?" "I..." My head started to hurt I went to rub my head excposing my naked chest. I blushed and tried to cover up when the man stopped me. "That crest...Bring her with us and cover her up." "Yes sir!" A man placed a cloak over me and grabbed my wrist. "Let's go." "Ouch okay no need to be pushy..." I fallowed the men to their camp least that's what I figured it to be. We arived infront of a bigger tent with the same crest hanging infront." Sire I came to report in." "Enter." The General told me to fallow behind him. I fallowed their was a man also in black armor sitting and two other's on each side. The general kneeled when I got a closer look the man had long black hair with piercing eye's wich dropped me to my knees. "Sire we found this girl while we where scouting." "And?" "Well take a look..." The man took away the cloak leaving me naked infront of everyone in the tent. "She bares your crest sire." The man looked up intreged. "It's incomplete but it's diffenitly your crest sire..." "So it is.Girl what's your name?" "Alexis..." "Tell me Alexis where did you get that mark?" "I...I don't remember...Every time I try to my head starts hurting..." "Stand." The General moved I slowly stood up but barly. Than the man who was sitting stood up and walked over to me it looked like he was sniffing the air he grined. "Take her to my tent and guard her got it?" "Yes sir." Two guards left with me and took me to another tent the guards stood outside the tent. I sighed. I paced around trying to remember how I ended up this way when someone snuck into the tent the guards didn't notice. The person got behind me and covered my mouth. they whispered. "Don't move where's your king? You betternot scream...." This person going to kill me... but I won't betray him... My gem started to pulse everything went dark, Dark energy surrounded me and blasted the intruder out of the tent the guards looked. "What's going on?" (General)" Sire you feel that? It's you but how?" "I do feel it... The girl!" They both went to the tent and saw the guards in shock than saw me stepped out of the tent walking towards the intruder. "Sire." (king)" What's going on?" "We don't know all of a sudden this person flew out of the tent." (General)" That looks bad she's not incontrol...She's out to kill..." (King) "Alexis stop." I stopped the energy disappeared I looked around. (alexis)" What just happened?..." (King)" General take her to the main tent and guard her while I take care of our pest." He bowed and scooped me up taking me to the big tent. "Can you stand?" I nodded. He let me down gently. "What happened?" (Alexis)" I was trying to remember things when they snuck in and jumped me... They ... the asked for the king..." "And?" "I didn't say anything... But I blacked out... next thing I hear my name..." " You wernt even awake yet you respawned to the king's command..." "I... I don't understand..." (king)" You don't remember making a pack?" "No....I don't..." (General)"Might be because it wasn't completed or interuppted... But doesn't make any since..." (King) "That's because it's a blood pack." "But sire you never made a pack right" (king)" True but it doesn't change the fact of the crest on her chest." As they where talking everything started spinning I collapsed out of instinks the king caught me.Images started to flood into the kings mind. "Sire!" (King)" I'm fine her memory's flooded my mind but only broken pieces..." "What should we do?" (king)" Guard her the blood pack is real even if its incomplete." "How is that possible?" (King)" We can figure that out later but for now will deal with our pest..." (looks like you've gotten into a mess. Who would of thought you'd send yourself into my past but in doing so it will be more painful. But I'm sure you'll pull through. "The dragon laughed") The king laid me in his chair and covered me up. than exited the tent with his General. I was sleeping when I suddenly woke up.I rubbed my head looking around I caught the scent of the person who grabbed me than it came back to me... (Alexis)"Where's that pereson that snuck into the tent?" The guards looked at me.the pointed it was in the opposite direction of where I cuaght their scent."You sure?" They nodded. Meaning theirs another some where... "Tell the king theirs another one out their still but I'm going to go after them before I lose the see you!" I ran out of their naked. "The kings not going to be happy... Wait did she say theirs more?" "Yes she did better tell the king..." The scent wasn't far... (Wait) Huh? Who said that? (Where do you think your going?) I'm fallowing a scent... (Fine but don't get caught) I rolled my eye's and dashed through the tree's than stopped as I got closer. Now what... (You actually found them go back to camp and leave the rest to me) I...alright... Wait why... I don't even know you... Besides if I go now I might give myself away to them... Sheesh I may not remember most of the thing's but I'm not stupid... (Well well your smart and I'm one of the kings generals.) Now he tells me... Hold on looks like their in the cave... their's two inside... I jumped down from the tree without a sound. (where are you going?) Theirs another cave connecting... (Hmm I think I get what your doing okay.) I smiled and quietly went around, I looked around for the other cave and spotted it. Well better go in... I took a deep breath and entered. I walked a while through the caves when I finally got to where the two where holding camp I ducked down so they wouldn't see me. their was a noise from behind me. (Shoot these caves are annoying...) "Who's their! Show yourself!" I stumbled out from my hiding spot. "Please help me..." I whimpered. "Who are you? And what are you doing in a cave... naked..." "I don't know I just woke up here. "Probably was left to die here...Was their anyone else with you?" I shook my head and started crying. "Okay quiet down." The flames to their torches blew out. "What the what's going?" In a quick motion they where knocked out. "Good work." "Now what?" "Now we take them back to camp but first make sure to clean this cave out of any traces." I nodded the guy carried off the two men. I started to pick up the torches and any traces they where in the cave. After I got rid of everything I took a look around the cave it seemed so familure. All of a sudden my chest felt like it was burning dark flames ingolfed me I dropped to my knees cluching my chest energy was flowing through me in waves I crawlked to the back of the caves and curled up huge wings burst from my back and folded around me as the dark energy hardend into a shell around me. (King)" Who's these two?" "Sire their with that other intruder... That girl found them." "Where is she?" "She's taking care of the cave they where in...I left my men to keep an eye on her..." "Sir theirs a problem." "What is it?" "That girl went deeper into the cave and well you should see for yourself..." The king took his men and headed for the cave. "Their that's where she went but all we found was that egg... We can't get close to it." "Sire..." (King)" Ya I know her scents all over in here get Sebastian in here." "I'm already here I had to place barriers at the mouth of the caves... I can transfer it to our camp though theirs a chance they'll intercept it..." The egg pulsed than a circle started to form under it. "Looks like she heard. Oh she stopped..." "Why?" "Might need an order." (King)"You might be right. Alexis I order you to head back to camp without giving us away." "Sire that's a tall order..." The general's laughed. The circle was completed black flames ingulfed me and vanished. "Looks like she made it back to camp sire. My men placed a barrier." "Good let's head back." They bowed and escorted the king back to camp.  "Looks like she ended up in the big tent sire." "I see that... How is barrier holding up?" "Sire bately but it's not the energy that's the issue infact the energy is going in not out..." "Than what's the problem?" "Where not sure... But look at the ground sire." They looked and saw claw marks. "That happened when we got to close luckily we put up the barrier in time..." "She seemed to listen to me when I mentioned you sire." I was floating in complete darkness. (How long are you going to pout?) I'm not pouting... (Sure looks like it to me.) I'm just... It's frustrating... Only some of my memory's are returning but the rest is still all over the place... (Is that all?) I sighed and shook my head...  I'm mad that I let someone get the jump on me... The dragon laughed. (Tell me what made you mad the fact that someone caught you off guard or the fact they threatened the king?) I growled. The grind. (When you wake up tell him this got it...?) I nodded. (Good time to wake up!) All of a sudden the egg started to crack. "Sire..." It shattered my wings where still covering me. (Alexis)"Why are you staring at me?" They pointed at me. "What am I naked still?" When I got frustrated my tail smashed the ground... Than it it clicked I looked at myself everything was different... "Great...right I have a message." I took a deep breath and kneeled. Than spoke in dragon. Two guards pointed theit swords at me. "Hey that's rude!" "Do you thi k this is a joke?" "I only said what my master told me to say!" I stormed off. Geeze what nurve... Why did he want me to say that... I finally remembered something than he tells me to say that to them... He just made them mad at me... Huh where am I? Is that a river?  I sighed looking down into the water. I really did change. "I don't understand... I only remember bits and pieces but I remember our pack... A twig snapped two figures appeared  I looked it was the king and one of the generals. I stood up crossing my arm's. "Why?" (King)"First who did you make a pack with?" I sighed. (Alexis)"A huge dragon... Called himself darkness king... That's all I remember!" "You where right sire... But how is that possible?" (King)"It makes since but not sure on the how yet... Where going back to camp we march in the morning!" "Yes sire." (King)"You to Alexis!" "What!?" "Didn't you pledge yourself to me?" I nodded more confused than ever but I fallowed them back he told me to stay in his tent I was going to protest but I didn't have a choice. I laid down on his bed and fell asleep. The king came in and closed his tent wich woke me up. "Sorry I must of fell asleep..." The king took off his armor than he waved his hand for me to roll over on the other side which I did he got in bed. This weird. I closed my eye's images flooded my mind next thing I knew I'm waking up I rolled over finding the king gone. I streched when someone entered the sun blaring in my eye's... My wings shielded me from the sun. "Forgive me but I brought some clothes for you it's not much but it should help." The young girl handed me some clothes and helped me put them on. (Alexis)" Thank you." She bowed. "His majesty wishes to speak with you when you awoke if you'll fallow me." I nodded and fallowed her to the big tent inside was the king and his two guards and four men the woman bowed and left. They looked like they where busy. (King)" Your awake good we'll be marching soon you'll be riding with Sebastian understood?" I bowed. "Yes sire." "Good before we head out make sure to eat and get ready." I nodded and left. I looked around solders where putting up their tents and getting ready. After I finally found food and ate I found Sebastian feeding a dragon. (Alexis)" Sebastian..." (Sebastian)" Ah Alexis! Are you ready?" (Alexis)"I think so..." (Sebastian)"Are you still mad about last night?" I went to pet the dragon. "No... It's not that really..." (Sebastian) "Let's go join the other's." I nodded he got on the dragons back and helped me up. We headed to the front we spent the whole day travelling...  We got to an open field an army was waiting. "That's alot..." We stopped. "How dare you march into our lands!" (King)"Who said I needed permission to conquer!" The man drew his sword. I sniffed the air it smelled. (King)"Hold your ground!" I whispered into Sebastian's ear's. (Sebastian) "Oh?
 
