I know we where hired as bodyguards but whats up with these guys? "That would be the boss's doing. Don't mind them. Now Alexis I know you been a good friend and a great fighter but be careful in here." I nodded. (Alexis)"This place is creepy..." "Whats wrong scared?" The other's laughed except a phew. "That attitudes going to get you killed." I looked over it was a man well known use to be military and than went mercurnary more freedom I suppose. "Alexis come on." (Alexis)"Coming sir." I headed off towards the professore. "Theres a room I'd like you to see." We came to a large room I could tell right away that it was sealed. "Well what do you think?" (Alexis)"Theres diffenitly something beyond this door." "The question is professer can she bring down this seal?" (Alexis)"It's pretty strong but yes I can. Though I can't garenty that what ever is sealed in here is friendly." "We'll take that chance." He ordered everyone to stand by and the professore gave me the okay. I took a deep breath and unsheathed my katana with one swift swing I cut through the seal unleashing a dark gust of wind. Than a sinister laugh echoed the strange thing was no one else could hear it. I sheathed my katana. "Hey boss that girl looks scarey." "Ya...Stay away from her." (Alexis)"I'm going to shower if that's okay?"The professer nodded. I went to my tent and got out of my clothes and went to take a shower it was warm it was better than being cold...I still could hear that laugh. I sighed drying myself off. "Miss Alexis!" A boy came in he blushed when he saw me than turned around. (Alexis)"Yes?" "I'm sorry I..." (Alexis)"Don't worry was their something you needed?" He nodded. "Suppers ready everyone's taking a break I thought I'd let you know." (Alexis)"Thanks um?" "Trevor." I got dressed holding my katana we both walk to the eating area. (Trevor)"Hey um Alexis?" (Alexis)"Yes?" (Trevor)"Do you always wield that sword?" (Alexis)"You mean my Katana? Yes mostly it's a family tradition." We got our food and sat down. (Trevor)"So what do you do? Are you some kind of priestess or umm something?" I laughed. (Alexis)"Not excactly." All of a sudden we heard a woman scream coming from one of the areas I quickly grabbed my sword and ran towards them  so did the guys. We got to the room the woman was in a corner crying. (Alexis)"What happened?" (Crying woman)"Something...Attacked me it was so fast..." (Alexis)"Does anyone have the med kit?" "Ya we do." The leader of the military mercs stepped next to me and bandaged the woman up. I looked around their where slash marks on the ground and walls. (Trevor)"What could of done that?" (Alexis)"Some kind of blade but the shape is odd...A clean cut to..." I started to get dizzy. (Trevor)"Alexis are you okay? You don't look to good." I collapsed. (Trevor)"Alexis hey!" The leader came over and touched my forhead. "Shes burning up. Help me get her to the medical tent." "Yes sir."They carefully picked me up and brought me to the big tent... They left the tent so the doctor could see whats wrong.When he couldn't figure it out he got some cold water to try and bring down my fever than went to check on the others. A man was next to me in a black armor shrouded in darkness. "So your the one who broken the seal.Interesting." The man took out a black crystal and held it over my chest he covered my mouth as the crystal entered my body so it would muffle my screams...It was completly inside me. The man vanished. When I woke up the proffeser was their sitting and waiting. (Alexis)"Proffeser?" "Easy you had a high fever and collapsed." (Alexis)"Is that why I feel hot?" "Did you have a nightmare?" (ALexis)"Ya...And ever since the seals been down I been hearing strange things..." "Forgive me I forget that your more attuned to things humans cant think of." I shook my head. (Alexis)"I knew the riscks besides if I did release something might as well face it right?" He smiled. "Tell me if it gets to much will you?" I nodded. (Alexis)"We need to seal the doors back..." "I figured the head already agreed where just waiting on you" I got up. (Alexis)"Did something happen?" We walked to the room with the huge door... I placed my sword in front of the doors and tried to close one side the soldiers who wasn't driven mad helped me we closed it but I was to weak to place another seal...we held tight when all of a sudden men started chanting creating a seal. (Alexis)"Great..." I passed out again. "Alexis!" "I'm glad we made it in time that young priestess must be exhausted. Bring her to our temple she may rest there." The soldiers leader carried me. I woke up this time I was in a small lit room. (Alexis)"Where..." "Your safe at our temple." (Alexis)"The professor?" (Professor)"I'm here as well though I'm ashamed of myself for putting you through that..." "Young miss where you the one who broke the seal?" (Professor)"Please it wasn't her fault we..." I stopped him. (Alexis)"Yes I was the one who took it down..." "Luckily we sealed it back but we'll need you to stay least till you recover." I nodded. (Professor)"Alexis I'm truly sorry I wish we hadn't found that room..." (Alexis)"Would that of truly stopped you from finding it?" He chuckled than sighed. "At the vary least no one was hurt" (Professor)"Thanks to the soldiers they kept everyone from attacking each other not sure how they managed with so much happening." (Alexis)"War can be a nightmare just as much as facing demons." I laid down. "We'll let you rest." They left. (Alexis)"I know you're there." A man in black armor came out of the shadows. "How did you know?" (Alexis)"I knew must be your doing?" He bowed. (Alexis)"You're not the one in my head..." He looked up at me. I sighed. "My master wants you." There was more than one seal... I felt something pulse when my eyes faded my body moved on it's own. He held out his hand and I took it. We ended up back at the doors... "I was afraid this was your doing." "Old man still alive?" "Your masters plan won't work." "Why's that?" "Those being controlled can't take down the other barriers. I could hear his laugh his whispers... I touched the doors they slowly opened. "Impossible..." Others showed up behind me I entered the darkness the others followed. The doors closed behind a huge claw grabbed me and pulled me close. I freed myself from his grasp he smiled than I fell into dark water I had visions of my past... "Is it so painful? Knowing what you wield in yourself your own sword..." Quiet! He laughed not because of amusement but because he was right... (Alexis)"I can never get that part of me back..." The knights surrounded me each had a black gem they lowered down into my body it was painful I changed I grew a tail and wings than horns and claws. I screamed than the beast changed to a man but not. He looked at me than kissed me as he plunged his claw inside my chest I couldn't scream something pulsed inside everything started to fade. All of a sudden I woke up to a strange place. (Alexis)"Where...am I?" I heard chanting than huge doors closed... (Alexis)"Your kidding..." "Master there's a girl here..." (Alexis)"I must be in the past...
