 “Really Alright but we don't have anything to ware most out stuff is in the ruins still.” “It's alright he said come as you are I'll wash your clothes for you while you clean up for tonight.” “Thanks miss Ruby.” “ Not at all you girls have been vary helpful.” We all helped out till it was getting closer to night time all three of us got into the bath. “So what do you think the Mayor looks like?” “I don't know.” “I hope he'll let us stay.” “I don't know I want your safety first.” “We know who was those guys they looked like they would of killed us if we got caught by them.” “Ya that was scarey I'm glad you where their Alexis.” “You know I wouldn't let them touche you let alone harm you.” They both nodded and smiled we all got out and got dressed our clothes where fresh out of the dryer. “Are you girls ready?” “Yes Ma'am.”  “ Now girls the Mayor Manor is up the road a ways but all you have to do is stay on the path and you'll get their now off you go you don't want to be late.” We nodded and left it took us awhile but we finally made it to huge gates we walked through them I was behind Sophie and Sonya, Sonya knocked on the door and a tall older gentleman opened it. “Come in the Master is waiting for you.” “Thank you.” Sophie was nervous we stepped in and waiting was a young man he was quit build  he was tall his hair was long jet black  his eyes was crystal  blue he bowed and took each of our hands and kissed the top Sophie and Sonya blushed I just smiled. “Welcome to my home I heard that you wanted to speak to me about the ruins near town?” “Yes sir.” “Well lets talk it over dinner I bet your hungry .” The butler showed us to a beautiful Dining hall and pulled out chairs for us to sit in. “So what is it that you do in ruins if you don't mind me asking.” “Not at all Sophie and I  decipher ruin writing's and protect artifacts and Alexis here protects us from treasure hunters or thieves or dangers from ruins and artifacts.” “I see and I heard that you lady's had a bad ordeal.” “Ya we ran into some mean thugs we didn't know their was a town till they chased us into it.” “I hope they didn't hurt you.” “No thankfully Alexis held them off long enough for us to run.” “Supper is ready.” “Wow this smells great!” “Enjoy.” “ Oh yes how rude of me I forgot to introduce myself my name is Alexander.” “Just Alexander?” “Yes well its a mouth full to say my full name.” He grind.   We all started to eat some soup they made it was good but the hole time we ate he was staring at me. “So you lady's wanted to keep on exploring our ruins?” “Yes if that's alright.” “Well I don't mind you do as long as you promise to leave any artifacts in the ruins and stay safe.” “Really!” He nodded. “Your also welcome to stay as long as you like but I also want to make sure those um men you mentioned are gone so could you wait before going back?” “Aw.” “I agree their to dangerous.” “Well if you say so Alexis but we left all our stuff in the ruins.” “Don't worry I'll get them back If that's alright Alexander.” “Alexis can handle herself she's a really good fighter specially sword fighting.” “Well its alright with me but I would like to come with you  in fact why don't we go after dinner  and you can stay here for the night.” “It is late alright if you don't mind.” We finished eating Alexander and I left for the ruins and Sophie and Sonya
stayed behind we didn't speak much  when we got closer to the ruins we saw lights. “Looks like their still their.” I whispered. “So if their still their where are they?” “That's odd  why would they leave their equipment laying about unguarded. Any way's our bags should be around here some where.” “Than let's go find them while no ones around.” I nodded. We both looked around for our bags Alexander stayed next to me the whole time than all of a sudden our bags came flying at my feet the three men came stepping out from a pillar their leader was flipping a knife the others just stood next to him grinning than the leader nodded for the one on his left and he darted towards Alexander without hesitation I got in front and blocked the in coming attack I grabbed his wrist and jabbed my elbow into his throat the guy fell down coughing. “Still protecting someone for someone so skilled you talents are wasted but a job's a job and ours is to eliminate those girls you where with.” “Wait so your not after these ruins?” “Oh no we are but that's just a side job.” “So your men for hire...So what I felt wasn't my imagination...” With speed I dashed towards the leader when I stepped in front of him the ground gave way sending him ad I to the bottom of the ruins. “Shoot.” When we landed  we both went after each other with the intent to kill I knew this guy was a creep. “Can't protect any one now ether you kill or be killed so witch will it be?” “I don't intend to die by your filthy hand's and you won't be able to leave these ruin's so long as you intend to harm my friends.
